Itachi Uchiha:"People’s lives don’t end when they die, it ends when they lose faith."
Monkey D Luffy:"If you don’t take risks, you can’t create a future!"
Naruto Uzumaki:"If you don’t like your destiny, don’t accept it."
Mitsuyoshi Anzai:"When you give up, that’s when the game ends."
Deneil Young:All we can do is live until the day we die. Control what we can…and fly free.
Monkey D Luffy:"Forgetting is like a wound. The wound may heal, but it has already left a scar."
Reiko Mikami:It’s just pathetic to give up on something before you even give it a shot.”
Nagato:"If you don’t share someone’s pain, you can never understand them."
Himura Kenshin:"Whatever you lose, you’ll find it again. But what you throw away you’ll never get back."
Natsu Dragneel:We don’t have to know what tomorrow holds! That’s why we can live for everything we’re worth today!”
Juuzou Suzuya:Why should I apologize for being a monster? Has anyone ever apologized for turning me into one?
Tsunade:People become stronger because they have memories they can’t forget.
Saitama:I’ll leave tomorrow’s problems to tomorrow’s me.
Seiya Kanie:"If you wanna make people dream, you’ve gotta start by believing in that dream yourself!"
Monkey D Luffy:Being lonely is more painful then getting hurt.
Shintar Midorima:There’s no shame in falling down! True shame is to not stand up again!
Seishuu Handa:Simplicity is the easiest path to true beauty.
Shiroe:"If you can’t do something, then don’t. Focus on what you can."
Alucard:Giving up kills people. When people reject giving up… they finally win the right to transcend humanity.
Kenshin Himura:"You can die anytime, but living takes true courage.”"
Milly Thompson:Every journey begins with a single step. We just have to have patience.
Yuuya Mochizuki:It doesn’t do any good to pretend you can’t see what’s going on.
Fuegoleon Vermillion:Being weak is nothing to be ashamed of… Staying weak is !!
Hinata Miyake:To act is not necessarily compassion. True compassion sometimes comes from inaction.
Rock Lee:A dropout will beat a genius through hard work.
Simon:Reject common sense to make the impossible possible.
Kenshin Himura:"Whatever you lose, you’ll find it again. But what you throw away you’ll never get back."
Saitama:If you really want to be strong… Stop caring about what your surrounding thinks of you!
Touko Aozaki:"Vision is not what your eyes see, but an image that your brain comprehends."
Hinata Miyake:"Sometimes, people are just mean. Don’t fight mean with mean. Hold your head high."
Vash The Stampede:The ticket to the future is always open.
Naruto Uzumaki:Hard work is worthless for those that don’t believe in themselves.
Jiraiya:A place where someone still thinks about you is a place you can call home.
Yuuji Kazami:Life comes at a cost. Wouldn’t it be arrogant to die before you’ve repaid that debt?
Himura Kenshin:"You can die anytime, but living takes true courage."
Milly Thompson:Every journey begins with a single step. We just have to have patience.
Keiichi Maebara:"If you just submit yourself to fate, then that’s the end of it.”"
Archer:It is at the moment of death that humanity has value.
Armin Arlert:"People, who can’t throw something important away, can never hope to change anything."
Rider:"Whatever you do, enjoy it to the fullest. That is the secret of life.”"
Goku:"Power comes in response to a need, not a desire. You have to create that need."
Saber:"There are no regrets. If one can be proud of one’s life, one should not wish for another chance.”"
Kunio Yaobi:You can’t always hold on to the things that are important. By letting them go we gain something else.”
Naruto Uzumaki:"If you don’t like your destiny, don’t accept it. Instead, have the courage to change it the way you want it to be."
Renton Thurston:"Don’t beg for things. Do it yourself, or else you won’t get anything."
Maka Albarn:I refuse to let my fear control me anymore.”
Akame:"If you can’t find a reason to fight, then you shouldn’t be fighting.”"
Canaan:"You should never give up on life, no matter how you feel. No matter how badly you want to give up.”"
Armin Arlelt:"People who can’t throw something important away, can never hope to change anything."
Ichigo Kurosaki:We can’t waste time worrying about the what if’s.”
Nico Robin:Fools who don’t respect the past are likely to repeat it.
Hiroshi Kido:That’s why I can’t make a change. Everything I do is so… Half-assed.”
Kanade Jinguuji:Sometimes it’s necessary to do unnecessary things.
Nico Yazawa:An excellent leader must be passionate because it’s their duty to keep everyone moving forward.
Princess Lenessia:Protecting someone means giving them a place to belong. Giving them a place where they can be happy.
Nobito:Thinking you’re no-good and worthless is the worst thing you can do
Izuku Midoriya:"Sometimes I do feel like I’m a failure. Like there’s no hope for me. But even so, I’m not gonna give up. Ever!”"
Shiroe:"If you can’t do something, then don’t. Focus on what you can do.”"
Allen Walker:"When you lose sight of your path, listen for the destination in your heart."
Natsu Dragneel:"The moment you think of giving up, think of the reason why you held on so long.”"
Shintaro Midorima:"Don’t give up, there’s no shame in falling down! True shame is to not stand up again!"
Monkey D Luffy:"No matter how hard or impossible it is, never lose sight of your goal.”"
Sora:"Life is not a game of luck. If you wanna win, work hard."
Roy Mustang:"The world isn’t perfect. But it’s there for us, doing the best it can….that’s what makes it so damn beautiful."
Gildarts Clive:"Fear is not evil. It tells you what your weakness is. And once you know your weakness, you can become stronger as well as kinder."
Matsumoto Rangiku:To know sorrow is not terrifying. What is terrifying is to know you can’t go back to happiness you could have.
Miss Kobayashi:Knowing you’re different is only the beginning. If you accept these differences you’ll be able to get past them and grow even closer.
Clare:"Don’t be so quick to throw away your life. No matter how disgraceful or embarrassing it may be, you need to keep struggling to find your way out until the very end."
Roy Mustang:"The world’s not perfect, but it’s there for us trying the best it can. That’s what makes it so damn beautiful."
Hitsugaya Toshiro:"We are all like fireworks: we climb, we shine and always go our separate ways and become further apart. But even when that time comes, let’s not disappear like a firework and continue to shine.. forever."
Alibaba Saluja:"If nobody cares to accept you and wants you in this world, accept yourself and you will see that you don’t need them and their selfish ideas."
Hinata Miyake:"When you hit the point of no return, that’s the moment it truly becomes a journey. If you can still turn back, it’s not really a journey."
Don Quixote Doflamingo:"Those who stand at the top determine what’s wrong and what’s right! This very place is neutral ground! Justice will prevail, you say? But of course it will! Whoever wins this war becomes justice!"
Jiraiya:"A person grows up when he’s able to overcome hardships. Protection is important, but there are some things that a person must learn on his own."
Saitama:"Who decides limits? And based on what? You said you worked hard? Well, maybe you need to work a little harder. Is that really the limit of your strength? Could you of tomorrow beat you today? Instead of giving in, move forward."
Mavis Vermillion:"Mistakes are not shackles that halt one from stepping forward. Rather, they are that which sustain and grow one’s heart."
Satsuki Kiryuuin:"Fear is freedom! Subjugation is liberation! Contradiction is the truth! Those are the facts of this world! And you will all surrender to them, you pigs in human clothing!"
Sebastian Michaelis:Hatred and Sorrow are power. They are yours to control. All you have to do is to turn them into strength and use that strength to move forward.
Might Guy:"It’s not always possible to do what we want to do, but it’s important to believe in something before you actually do it."
Yato:"Life and death are like light and shadow. They’re both always there. But people don’t like thinking about death, so subconsciously, they always look away from it."
Grimsley:It’s more important to master the cards you’re holding than to complain about the ones your opponent was dealt.”
Son Goku:I am the hope of the universe. I am the answer to all living things that cry out for peace. I am the protector of the innocent. I am the light in the darkness. I am the truth. Ally to good! Nightmare to you!
Hatsu Kominato:"If you’re gonna insist on gambling and then complain when you lose, you had better work on your game.”"
Erza Scarlet:Moving on doesn’t mean you forget about things. It just means you have to accept what’s happened and continue living.
Alibaba Saluja:"If nobody cares to accept you and wants you in this world, accept yourself and you will see that you don’t need them and their selfish ideas."
Haruhi Fujioka:"If you keep on hiding your true feelings, who is going to be happy? If you are sad, you should say it out loud!"
Paine:"Religion, ideology, resources, land, spite, love or just because… No matter how pathetic the reason, it’s enough to start a war. War will never cease to exist… reasons can be thought up after the fact… Human nature pursues strife."
Keima Katsuragi:"Don’t be upset because of what you can’t do. Do what you do best, live as carefree and optimistically as you can, because some people aren’t able to do that."
Erwin Smith:"If you begin to regret, you’ll dull your future decisions and let others make your choices for you. All that’s left for you then is to die. Nobody can foretell the outcome. Each decision you make holds meaning only by affecting your next decision."
Jet Black:"Everything has a beginning and an end. Life is just a cycle of starts and stops. There are ends we don’t desire, but they’re inevitable, we have to face them. It’s what being human is all about."
Kyousuke Natsume:"Anything can happen. No one ever thinks it will until it does. What will happen, happens. That’s how the world is. The most important thing is to not let the tragedy defeat you. To believe that you can get through it."
Himura Kenshin:"You’ll only realize that you truly love someone if they already caused you enormous pain. Your enemies can never hurt you the way your loved ones can. It’s the people close to your heart that can give you the most piercing wound. Love is a double-edged sword, it can heal the wound faster or it can sink the blade even deeper."
Kagome:"I want you to be happy. I want you to laugh a lot. I don’t know what exactly I’ll be able to do for you, but I’ll always be by your side."
Edward Elric :"“A lesson without pain is meaningless. That’s because no one can gain without sacrificing something. But by enduring that pain and overcoming it, he shall obtain a powerful, unmatched heart.”"
Roronoa Zoro:You need to accept the fact that you’re not the best and have all the will to strive to be better than anyone you face.
Julis Alexia Van Riessfeld:"I too will obtain everything that I desire. Not because someone asked me to do it, but because I know in my heart that I have something worth fighting for."
Junichirou Kagami:You can’t win a game by doing nothing. And if someone else wins it for you then you haven’t accomplished anything. Life is the same way.
Archer:"Do not think about other things, there is only one thing you can do. So master that one thing. Do not forget. What you must imagine is always that you, yourself, are the strongest. You do not need outside enemies. For you, the one you have to fight is none other than your own image."
Mion Sonozaki:"Life is like a tube of toothpaste. When you’ve used all the toothpaste down to the last squeeze, that’s when you’ve really lived. Live with all your might, and struggle as long as you have life.”"
Junichirou Kagami:"Just like games, no matter how well you have things lined up in your life, there’s always something to keep you on your toes."
Gilgamesh:Do exactly as you like. That is the true meaning of pleasure. Pleasure leads to joy and joy leads to happiness.
Eren:It Doesn t Matter How Strong The Opposition Is It Doesn t Matter How Fearsome The World Is It Doesn t Matter How Cruel The World Is Fight
Armin Arlert:If There Are Humans Who Can Bring About Change They re Those Who Are Capable Of Abandoning Everything People Who When Required To Surpass Even Monsters Are Capable Of Tossing Aside Their Very Humanity
Armin Arlert:I Don t Like The Terms Good Person or Bad Person It Is Impossible To Be Entirely Good To Everyone To Some You Are A Good Person While To Others You Are A Bad Person
Miche Zacharius:As Long As We Continue To Fight We Are Not Defeated
Eren:If You Win You Live If You Lose You Die If You Don t Fight You Can t Win
Hange Zoë:You Understand Don t You One Day Or Another Everyone You Care About Eventually Dies It s Something We Simply Can t Accept It s A Realization That Could Drive You Insane
Ymir:You re Gonna Care What Other People Think And Be Someone You re Not Your Whole Life You re Fine As You Are So Talk In Your Own Words
Kenny Ackerman:Everyone Had To Be Drunk On Somethin To Keep Pushing On Everyone Was A Slave To Somethin
Mikasa:This World Is Cruel And It s Also Very Beautiful
Levi Ackerman:No One Knows What The Outcome Will Be So Choose Whatever You ll Regret The Least
Shoyo Hinata:Do you need a reason to not want to lose
Tobio Kageyama:Being the best decoy ever is as cool as being the ace
Tobio Kageyama:You can fly even higher
Tobio Kageyama:If they adjust to me I have to adjust in turn Whoever stops adjusting won t be able to continue forward
Tobio Kageyama:The last ones standing are the victors Only the strongest If you want to be the last one standing become strong
Yuu Nishinoya:Life s a bore if you don t challenge yourself
Tanaka Saeko:There are some flowers you only see when you take detours
Ittetsu Takeda:Being weak means that there is room to grow
Tooru Oikawa:Today might be the chance to grasp the chance to let your talent bloom
Tooru Oikawa:If you re gonna hit it hit it until it breaks